README.md, before:

DeepshjirRepack Pre-release
===========================

What is Deepshjir?
------------------

Deepshjir Repack is my "playground core" to develop new bossscripts and fixes for ArkCore and SkyfireEMU.
Deepshjir Repack Core is my Core that i will use for my upcoming Repack.

You can see Deepshjir as a fork of ArkCore with some amzing additions.

What does Deepshjir make unique?
--------------------------------

### Core

* Currenty Deepshjir has an amazing  Anticheat System built in.

### Scripts

Blackwing Descent [In Development]

* Magmaw is near complete, only the rodeo phase is missing (missing vehicle id of Magmaws Head).

* Omnotron Defense System is near complete.

* Chimaeron is full working.

* Maloriak is 70% Scripted, basement movement, spell, bottle throwing in the cauldron and color switching is working.

* Atramedes is spawned but not started yet.

* Nefarian and Onyxia are spawned but not started yet.

* The Whole instance has been redone (Doors were added, Gameobjects repaired, )


Throne of the four Winds [In Development]

* Conclave of Wind: Anshal and Nezir are finished, only Rohash is missing.

* Al'akir is spawned but not started yet.


Throne of the Tides [Finished]

* Instance Lady Naz'jar pre event with cinematic outro is working!

* Lady Naz'jar with Throne of the Tides Defense System and phasing.
 
* Commander Ulthok is full working exespt the grip visual animation.

* Mindebender Ghursha is only light scripted.

* The Boss Ozumat is full working (Neptulon Event included).


Why you should not copy-paste my Scripts
----------------------------------------
It happens in the past that some people only copy-pasted my scripts without mention me in their release.
But i exspect to give me credits.


Credits
-------
Credits go to

* me (Naios)

* The Arkania Community

* The SkyfireEMU Community

* The TrinityEMU Community

* Asardial (true-blood) (i used his BD scripts as basement)

How to Contribute
-----------------

If you want to develop for this repack or become a contributor contact me on github or make pullrequests to the mainrepo.

Commit message:

Readme: Added a note of using my scripts on repacks or private servers
Signed-off-by: Naios <naios-dev@live.de>

README.md, after:

DeepshjirRepack Pre-release
===========================

What is Deepshjir?
------------------

Deepshjir Repack is my "playground core" to develop new bossscripts and fixes for ArkCore and SkyfireEMU.
Deepshjir Repack Core is my Core that i will use for my upcoming Repack.

You can see Deepshjir as a fork of ArkCore with some amzing additions.

What does Deepshjir make unique?
--------------------------------

### Core

* Currenty Deepshjir has an amazing  Anticheat System built in.

### Scripts

Blackwing Descent [In Development]

* Magmaw is near complete, only the rodeo phase is missing (missing vehicle id of Magmaws Head).

* Omnotron Defense System is near complete.

* Chimaeron is full working.

* Maloriak is 70% Scripted, basement movement, spell, bottle throwing in the cauldron and color switching is working.

* Atramedes is spawned but not started yet.

* Nefarian and Onyxia are spawned but not started yet.

* The Whole instance has been redone (Doors were added, Gameobjects repaired, )


Throne of the four Winds [In Development]

* Conclave of Wind: Anshal and Nezir are finished, only Rohash is missing.

* Al'akir is spawned but not started yet.


Throne of the Tides [Finished]

* Instance Lady Naz'jar pre event with cinematic outro is working!

* Lady Naz'jar with Throne of the Tides Defense System and phasing.
 
* Commander Ulthok is full working exespt the grip visual animation.

* Mindebender Ghursha is only light scripted.

* The Boss Ozumat is full working (Neptulon Event included).


Why you should not copy-paste my Scripts
----------------------------------------
It happens in the past that some people only copy-pasted my scripts without mention me in their release.
But i exspect to give me credits.
If you use my scripts to release another repack/or use it for an illigal private server i will shut down this public repo
and i will develop for the next >months< private.

Credits
-------
Credits go to

* me (Naios)

* The Arkania Community

* The SkyfireEMU Community

* The TrinityEMU Community

* Asardial (true-blood) (i used his BD scripts as basement)

How to Contribute
-----------------

If you want to develop for this repack or become a contributor contact me on github or make pullrequests to the mainrepo.
